(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Let's have a look now
at one way to solve this refactoring code challenge.
Starting in tech support.xml,
where our channel is first configured,
the first thing we need to do
is instead of using the channel element
from the Integration namespace,
we need to use the PublishSubscribeChannel element.
It's that simple.
Now in our code references,
we need to update the type that we're casting
this reference to.
So here in line 33, in the ViewService,
instead of casting our resulting bean to a direct channel,
we need to cast it to a PublishSubscribeChannel.
The reason that works so handily for us
is there in line 20, we have initialized
our TechSupportChannel property
to be an abstract subscribable channel,
which is the parent of both PublishSubscribeChannels
and direct channels.
So it's just a simple matter of changing our cast
there in line 33, and that does the trick.
We have a similar situation in Dashboard Manager.
We have a reference to a direct channel here in line 69.
We need to update to this, to PublishSubscribeChannel.
And now in the case of those two classes,
all of the implementation that we've already been using
will stay in place.
What remains is to go into our TechSupportService,
and this is why we're doing this challenge,
because here in TechSupportService,
we want to subscribe to the same channel
and get the broadcast messages also.
We want to be able to broadcast to more than one subscriber.
So what we're going to do
is we have a handle here pre-typed,
a handle to a TechSupportChannel.
Let's initialize this instance
in the way we have become accustomed to now.
We're going to get a reference to the object
from our Spring context.
And now, just like we did in the ViewService,
we're going to subscribe to this channel,
and let us use the view handler
that we configured as an inner class in this class,
which is called ServiceMessageHandler.
That, I believe, will do the trick.
I believe now that we can start our application,
and now we see in our console log
that our TechSupportService is logging to the console,
which proves that it is consuming that message
from our new PublishSubscribeChannel,
and also our user interface is still getting
the build message that's coming
from the same subscribable channel.
So that does it for our code challenge.